This sysytem is for a shop owners that do preorders buisness. What I mean is they work as a middidle men.
They have the means of ordering things from china and because of that they posts items online for her buyers
to order and they will buy all of them and send it back to them when the orders arrive.
Basically, for a business woman, she conducts the business on whatsapp. She posts pictures of products that she can purchase,
and her buyers request the items that they want. They pay for it and after 2 months or more depending on how the business goes, they will pay for their 
shipping per items that they bought and then after payment, delivery is sent to them.
This is the work flow for a typical fiscal quater.
1. She creates a batch and creates products for that batch or select from a list of existing products. Each product should come with productName, productPrice, dicountprice, discoutFrom(on how many products should the discount be applied)
2. After the batch is created, she then opens her orders in batches. Ex January bactch. The batch should take all the orders. 
2. She would take orders untill she decides to close the batch.
3. When the batch is closed, she would then proceed to order all of the items requested by her customers.
4. After Ordering she will wait for the items to arrive.
5. When the items arrive, she will then calculate each items shipping and she would send each who bought customer a bill of their shipping.
6. After the customer pays for their shipping, she then packages them and sends them to the person.

WORKING DEVELOPMENT EXPECTATION
1. The system works with batches, thus at any point in the workflow, there should be batches where she can select to view the items or customers or products in that batch.
2. This system would be role based thus on any page I will tell you everything that can happen and we will keep track of those roles for that page.
3. Lets begin here, She must first create a batch and add new products and their prices to that batch. Products may repeat on different batches so lets store in such a way that when creating a new batch you can add from the saved product list. Lets create the product table is such a way that we can keep track of its most recent price. For example, I create productA with price of 20 and a discount price of 15 and the discount should apply for orders of
    of 10 and above. When I create a batch and I add productA to that batche's products, the price and discount of productA should be what the batch would use, but the user should be able to change the price of the product from that batch. When a product is added from a product list and it has a previous price, But the prices will be inputed for the new batch created also, user may order more than requested from a customer so lets keep the stock as well.
    She should also be able to view a previous batch and their products. For UX, first show a list of batches that the user will select from or create a new batch. After creating the batch then they can select the batch and add products to that batch. When a batch is selected, take the user to another section 
    so she can see a table of existing products and a button to add a new product. When adding a new product, they may create or select an existing product to add a new price to it. One important thing is discounts, she may want to add discounts to items per number of purchase, thus when the user is adding a product allow to add "apply discount for items over" and allow the user to enter which number of items she wants the discounts to apply from and discount price.
    Example, she may want productA to have discout for if the person orders more that 10, thus if it sells for 20 then discount may be 18. Also add a field for "Available in Stock" price and Available in stock discount price and how many items before using the discount price.. Roles [ CanView, CanEdit, CanDelete]. when given can view it means you can view both batch and products in that batch but you cannot delete or edit a batch and its products.
4. Next, she is about to add new orders from her customers, she goes to order page and it shows her a list of batches first [The same bacthes as the one she created for the products, only this time it shows orders and not products, they must be linked]
    She can then proceed to add orders. When adding orders, we must take neccessary info from the user in order to be able to track the order in the sytem. Lets give each order a GUID id that will be used through out the system.
    When adding orders, take the name of the customer details, there may be repeating customers in each batch so lets have a table for customers as well. She can add a customer on the customer page or she can add it from the order screen.
    When adding a customer from the customer or clients page, take the Name, Whatsapp number, and address if applicable, that address would be used on delivery page
    User may also want to add the customer on the order page for ease of life, put a button next to the select for creating a customer, take the name and number only and a save button.
    After adding the user, the user must select a product that the customer is buying from the batch products list.
    The user will also add the number if items being bought. Show the total item price as well. We need to generate a reciept to the customer detailing their order, the items they bought and their quantities and the payment status as paid. The user will only be adding paid items in the systems thus lets not store the payment ststus in the table.
    The order page should show a list of people and the quantity of items they ordered among other things. Coumns for that table may be "Order Id.", "name"[you may append phone number as well], "items" [just show number of products ordered here], "Action" [view, edit, delete]
    Also, The user must be able select an item and see all the people who have ordered that item. Provide a means for that as well. Roles [CanView, CanAdd, CanEdit, CanDelete, CanCloseOrderBatch] an order.
5. Next, the user must be able to close an order batch. When order batch is closed disallow for edit, creating or deleteing an order. But before closing a batch bring a confirmation modal that gives a summary of the batch ie the total amount expected, the number of products requested etc.
6. After a batch is closed, it is automatically sent to a buying list table. On that page also show the list of batches, if a batch has not been closed from order page, it should not show up in this list of batches. When the user selects a batch to view, show a list of products ordered in that batch. On the buying page, on each product, allow the user to input the number items she is ordering for each product, show a requested number for each product, show if there are some in stock.
    Add a status to the table for user to switch between ordered and arrived. By default show pending. Orders dont return on the same day so on this page also add checkboxes that the user can select products and mark them as arrived. When an item is set to arrived, automatically move item to the arrivals table. As the items are being moved, add their batches to it so that the arrivals page also shows batch first before selecting to see the arrivals in it.
    Since this table will be showing products intead of clients, normalize it doesnt repeat a product. Example clientA orders 5 product A's a and 2 product B's and client B orders 1 productA and 3 productBs. The buying list should show only 2 products, A and B and their quantities ordered ie 7 and 5 respectively. Add table summaries at the top of the table. Total requested, ordered and pending. Roles [canView (both batch and items in batch), CanEdit (switching status or inputing orderd amount)] When a user doesnt have edit right, dont even allow for seeing the select boxes.
7. Now when the item is marked as arrived, it shows up in the arrivals table, but before we see any product on the arrivals, first show the batches in which they belong to. On this page she is going to check what she ordered against what she recieved. Lets have the items page in two sections. A left section showing a list of items ordered, comming from the buying lists and a list of confirmed which will be sent when user moves an item from the arrival list in the left to the confirm on the right.
    What happens is, the left table would have arrival items and a column with an input to input the number of items recieved, add a requested number for confitmation. Now, when the user enters the number of items of a product she recieved, bassed on the input we may ask a few questions. 
    Scenario 1, user inputs a value less that what she ordered, first add what she bought with what already exists in stock, if the total is still less than requested amount, bring a modal that would make a choose a reason for the deficit. She can choose between 2 reasons, "Items were damanged in transit", "Recieved less items" and a save button. When she chooses the frirst reason, add the deficit into damages, also should be sent in batches. When she chooses the second, lets create a new table called follow ups. We can add those itmes there. After, send remaining items to the confirmation list
    Scenario 2, user inputs a value more than what she ordered. Show a modal that asks her to add the surplus to stock. and move product to confirmation list.
    Scenario 3, she enters equal as ordered, smoothly move item over to the confirmation side. 
    Because of the large number of items that may be present, allow user to save all confirmed at any point. When new is added, let the user use the save all again. Just make sure double items wont be recorded as there will be items already in the confirmation list. Roles [canView], everything else there is needed to be done by whoever will see that page.
8. After items are saved on the confirmation list, send the items to a place where they will add tracking number, measurments, cbm and moqs to each product of that batch. It should be a menu on the side bar, add a name for it. Roles [canView, canEdit]
9. Simulteanuously, let the confirmation items be sent to Shipping page. On this page, she will choose the batch and add shipping fees to the products in that batch. There should be a summary of the table as well. Total shipping expected [it should be perproduct mutiplied by how many they bought] ex. ProductA has requested of 12, if shipping is 20, then the total shipping is 20*12, total completed and total left to completed. Also bring a save all here so she can save all. Carefull not to allow double saves. After it is saved, the items goes to shipping ledgers page. Roles [canView, canEdit]
10. On the Shipping ledger page, she may select the bactch and find a list of customers who ordered and their total shipping to be paid. Allow a collumn on the table to input amount paid. Add a status as well that automatically swtiched to paid when user inputs full shipping amount. The status may be partial or unpaid or paid. Important to note that, a previous batch may have unpaid shipping fees. Due to this, I think we should carry them to the new batch just indicate that they are from a different batch by including their batch name .
    There should be summary on this page as well. Where it shows you total expected and recieved, Total from current batch and recieved, total from prev batches and reveied. A customer may have bought more than 1 item, calculate his or her totals based on how many he ordered. Example, customerA buys 3 productAs, the total shipping will be the shipping of productA multiplied by how many they bought. Add a disabled button for sending to deliveries. It should be enabled when amount is paid in full. Also, allow the user to view the oder details and allow them to send a bill to the customer via whatapp or copy message. Roles [canEdit, canView]
11. After a customer has paid and her item is sent to deliveries She can go to delivery page and select a batch and checkout customers that she is supposed to deliver to. On deliveries page show a table that has delivery type and delivery amount column. When user selects from the deliery type, show 3 options, "Ghana Post", "Station Car" or "Riders". When she selects Ghana post, allow her to input delivery fee. But the rest can remain 0 for delivery fee. Add a status that shows process of delivering, "pending", "packaged","delivering", "delivered".
    Roles [canView, CanEdit].
12. Now finally, for items that are instock, there should be a place to sell them. When adding that, the customers maybe walk-in or may order from online as well. For orders like this, Lets deduct from the stock, it doesnt go through buying list. Straight from buying list, it goes into delivery. It will sell using the Available Stock price for that product. 
    They can add new oders on this page as well but not in batches, for customername let them either choose walk in or select from existing customer, they can also add new customer if the want. Then they will select which Available product they want to sell. They can input the the quantity there and can also copy or send reciept directly to whatsapp. 

UI GUIDE.

1. For each table, use pills for statuses
2. For every select, allow for search in the select boxes
3. Use #ddd for all border colors
4. Add preloaders for page loaders and loading state for all actions on the tabels or modals.
5. For any actionable button, disable when clicked until response from server

Generate an entire migration that would suit this table, you can remove all the data added if neccessary. Its a test environment.


I decided to test the flow a little bit and I realised something. When adding a new product to a batch, and I create it from existing, the inventory section of that modal should show meif there are some in stock or not. The first time a product is added, the user will fill and type if there are some in stock. After people order it and she buys and confirms that all has been bought, the amount that she bought will be added to the stock for that product. If she makes delivieries, it will be deducted from that stock. 